Diafaan SMS Server Full Edition 3.0.0.0 + Crack (menin)


Diafaan SMS Server is an easy to use, server based SMS text message software solution for Windows. It can use 3G/GSM modems, Android phones, SMPP SMS accounts and other Internet based SMS providers to send and receive SMS messages. Diafaan SMS Server is designed for professional users, companies that are looking for an easy way to integrate two-way SMS messaging into their IT system.

Diafaan SMS Server Full Edition 3.0.0.0
By: samura1 @Software 8 May 2015
Download Diafaan SMS Server Full Edition 3.0.0.0

Diafaan SMS Server is an easy to use, server based SMS text message software solution for Windows. It can use 3G/GSM modems, Android phones, SMPP SMS accounts and other Internet based SMS providers to send and receive SMS messages. Diafaan SMS Server is designed for professional users, companies that are looking for an easy way to integrate two-way SMS messaging into their IT system.

Browser and web based SMS
Send SMS messages and view received SMS messages right from your browser. Diafaan SMS Server features a built-in, easy to use web app to maintain contacts, add groups and manage SMS messages.

SMS from your SQL database
Use a database like MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server (Express), Microsoft Access, Oracle or other SQL database to send SMS messages and store received SMS messages in a database table.

Two-way email to SMS communication
Use Microsoft Exchange Server with Outlook or another email platform as a reliable SMS gateway. Send SMS messages from your email client and receive the replies and other incoming SMS messages in the right in-box.

Easy integration of SMS in your IT system
Save precious development time adding SMS or pager text messaging to your enterprise IT system. Diafaan SMS Server makes text message integration fast and easy.

Windows compatible
Compatible with Windows 8/7/Vista/XP and Windows Server 2012/2008/2003 (both 32- and 64-bit versions).


Instructions:

1.Unpack and install
2.Copy and replcae exe. file 
3.Run and load given lic. file
4.Done.
     

Latest releases: 
https://4realtorrentz.wordpress.com/
Support me:
https://www.facebook.com/4realtorrentz
